Add note in docs about ddev needing to support Python 2.7 (#13161)
DataDog/integrations-core: docs/developer/ddev/about.md

- Utilities for consistently handling complex logic or common operations
- An [orchestrator](plugins.md#environment-manager) for arbitrary E2E environments

> !!! warning "Python 2 Alert!"
>     Some integrations still support Python version 2.7 and must be tested with it. As a consequence so must parts of our test framework, e.g. the pytest plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! warning "Python 2 Alert!"
    Some integrations still support Python version 2.7 and must be tested with it. As a consequence, so must parts of our test framework, for example the pytest plugin.
```
